introduce yourself guys please tell me
Please point to where we're at
although news Soviet district Donetsk
region
tell me very well what
motivated from the table the motive for
this board post this situation
country
such in Odessa Kramatorsk as
call us for information what
drove into terra tanks is now
Donetsk is completely surrounded by glands
pilipko for tanks therefore
protect our people as they say their
the village we touch and drives
because you see the station
so we stand here already
pretty pretty bad post stands over
here from May 1
what
to all
and then how will
on this situation
tell me how the locals react to
similar then drivers complain about
inspection of cars
well, in principle, all people go out immediately
they open the trunk themselves none of them
not forcing just calmly asking
because
there is information that
citizens
forward
new sector
villages are coming in as pretty they don't
can just come here and we machines
check passport in practice people in
Basically, we are satisfied on the contrary for us and
they say they are doing right
locals
they take part take up
help at the time opportunity materials
all I understand food
the products also say Slavic known
cases when
chasms of the right sector under the guise of
health worker tried to break into
territory of the city for the past period
time as a slave to start working this
checkpoint there were similar cases or
we had several suspicions of this
ambulance is all so and for what
whether you looked mostly shop
Carefully machine knocked not
she is
influenced by the right sector but in
Mostly know about rumors that
is at home in villages therefore of course
we check everything yes look bye
the information is quite as good as
it says well we
she will tell you all about it somehow
operate on the rest of the posts
and the Starobeshevsky district of course all
take part we are supported
connection therefore
know if some origin to us
call and subject that is one cool
center yes there is a connection again walking Mospino
Komsomolets worker all the data in response
I like to eat by the way
reports tell me what you expect from
soon we know that
really troops
armored vehicles and so on there are some
concerns about what sarah walking area would
something like Slavic Kramatorsk and
of course how basically goes like a bull on
horns no one will go socially about their
we have this Donets first they will
try to capture the small towns of the village
and then
it is Donetsk but
this will not be your personal opinion
tell us we will hold till May 11
we will hold a referendum until May 11 and all
They know very well that this is not
stop him stand after all
thank you guys